# 3. HTML Error

HTML의 에러에대한 유형을 소개합니다.

## 3-1. Syntax errors

### Unintuitive error-handling behavior

- Certain invalid syntax constructs, when parsed, result in DOM trees that are highly unintuitive.

  - **Example**
    > For example, the following markup fragment results in a DOM with an `<hr>` element that is an earlier sibling of the corresponding `<table>` element:
    ```
    <table><hr />...
    ```

### Errors with optional error recovery

- To allow user agents to be used in controlled environments without having to implement the more bizarre and convoluted error handling rules, user agents are permitted to fail whenever encountering a parse error.

### Cases where the author’s intent is unclear

- Markup where the author’s intent is very unclear is often made non-conforming. Correcting these errors early makes later maintenance easier.

  - **Example**
    > For example, it is unclear whether the author intended the following to be an `<h1>` heading or an `<h2>` heading:
    ```
    <h2>Contact details</h1>
    ```

### Cases that are likely to be typos

- When a user makes a simple typo, it is helpful if the error can be caught early, as this can save the author a lot of debugging time. This specification therefore usually considers it an error to use element names, attribute names, and so forth, that do not match the names defined in this specification.

  - **Example**
    > For example, if the author typed `<capton>` instead of `<caption>`, this would be flagged as an error and the author could correct the typo immediately.
    ```
    <h2>Contact details</h1>
    ```

## 3-2. Restrictions on content models and on attribute values.

Beyond the syntax of the language, this specification also places restrictions on how elements and attributes can be specified. These restrictions are present for similar reasons:

### Errors involving content with dubious semantics

- To avoid misuse of elements with defined meanings, content models are defined that restrict how elements can be nested when such nestings would be of dubious value.

  - **Example**
    > For example, this specification disallows nesting a `<section>` element inside a `<kbd>` element, since it is highly unlikely for an author to indicate that an entire section should be keyed in.

### Errors that involve a conflict in expressed semantics

- Similarly, to draw the author’s attention to mistakes in the use of elements, clear contradictions in the semantics expressed are also considered conformance errors.

  - **Example**
    > Another example is the restrictions on the content models of the `<ul>` element, which only allows `<li>` element children. Lists by definition consist just of zero or more list items, so if a `<ul>` element contains something other than an `<li>` element, it’s not clear what was meant.

### Cases where the default styles are likely to lead to confusion

- Certain elements have default styles or behaviors that make certain combinations likely to lead to confusion. Where these have equivalent alternatives without this problem, the confusing combinations are disallowed.

  - **Example**
    > For example, `<div>` elements are rendered as **block boxes**, and `<span>` elements as **inline boxes**. Putting a block box in an inline box is unnecessarily confusing; since either nesting just `<div>` elements, or nesting just `<span>` elements, or nesting `<span>` elements inside `<div>` elements all serve the same purpose as nesting a `<div>` element in a `<span>` element, but only the latter involves a **block box** in an **inline box**, the latter combination is disallowed.
  - **Example**
    > Another example would be the way **interactive** content cannot be nested. For example, a `<button>` element cannot contain a `<textarea>` element. This is because the default behavior of such nesting interactive elements would be highly confusing to users. Instead of nesting these elements, they can be placed side by side.

### Errors that involve peculiarities of the parser

- Certain elements are parsed in somewhat eccentric ways (typically for historical reasons), and their content model restrictions are intended to avoid exposing the author to these issues.

  - **Example**
    > For example, a `<form>` element isn’t allowed inside phrasing content, because when parsed as HTML, a `<form>` element’s start tag will imply a `<p>` element’s end tag. Thus, the following markup results in two paragraphs, not one:
    ```
        <p>Welcome. <form><label>Name:</label> <input></form>
    ```
    > It is parsed exactly like the following:
    ```
        <p>Welcome. </p><form><label>Name:</label> <input></form>
    ```

### Errors that would likely result in scripts failing in hard-to-debug ways

- Some errors are intended to help prevent script problems that would be hard to debug.

  - **Example**
    > This is why, for instance, it is non-conforming to have two `id` attributes with the same value. Duplicate IDs lead to the wrong element being selected, with sometimes disastrous effects whose cause is hard to determine.
